NXDOC-2708: update nuxeo document for adding new property in nuxeo conf file (#2278)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/administration/configuration-parameters-index-nuxeoconf.md

**Since LTS 2023.16**

* * *

#### `org.nuxeo.web.ui.pagination.nuxeoSelectOptions.listingMaxItems`

> Allow user to set the max number of label options in nuxeo select for pagination.

Reviewer: Add more description where in if the number of options exceed the max limit, then the nuxeo-select will not be visible.

Author: ok

> **Since LTS 2023.12**

Reviewer: Is .12 required ?

Author: yes it will be required as this property won't be available for previous versions

* * *

#### `org.nuxeo.pagination.nuxeoSelectOptions.maxAllowedItems`

> Allow user to set the max number of label options in nuxeo select for pagination. If the page size exceeds the set number in the property then nuxeo select options dropdown will not be visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the max number of pages in a nuxeo select element for pagination. If the page count exceeds this number the dropdown to select the page number will be hidden. Meant to prevent browser performance issues with large numbers of pages.
```
